Remove rasa-webchat from docs (#5698)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/user-guide/connectors/your-own-website.rst

to test your bot <https://rasa.com/docs/rasa-x/user-guide/enable-workflows/#conversations-with-test-users>`_.

If you already have an existing website and want to add a Rasa assistant to it,

> you can use `Chatroom <https://github.com/scalableminds/chatroom>`_, a widget which uses regular HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use `Chatroom <https://github.com/scalableminds/chatroom>`_, a widget which you can incorporate into your existing webpage by adding a HTML snippet.
```
